This is not good, the old man can't help it.
Your name has been shouting here, okay,
Why don't you come and liven things up?
Don't be in a hurry to become a coach. You deliberately don't know that you know about my business.
It seems that at least my second uncle is eating,
It's less for you, and the climate is also strong.
You'd better watch your Islam fall into your trap, old man.
No matter how hard you work, I won't bring you back.
I thought you were playing the same game as before,
Last time I heard that you held some kind of flight selection conference like this,
I was injured by Chengxiaqun, but it’s okay,
It's okay, otherwise I would have done it,
He felt distressed.
So thoughtful and thoughtful
You said it yourself
Just asking this
Thank you for giving me this key
It's hard to be good
Your property belongs to me
I was fucked all the time
Speaking of which
I still have to thank you
I am now in a relationship with the old man.
Old student is behind
Why don't you send grandpa to the hospital quickly?
Establishing a medical society
Which hospital can I compare?
You also know, old man
He is most afraid of him
On the way to the hospital in case of emergency
I remember to shine
You want to buy our stock?
That's not good. You said it's a big responsibility.
It’s the sincerity of grandpa
Grandpa's principle has always been friendship. Who are you?
Why haven't I seen you? It's just
The host of Qing Yisheng was revealed
This is Qing Yisheng’s colleague
And there are also fellow seniors
Just take the initiative to do your homework.
Just tell the old man and stop messing around.
Then you can be nice
What did you say this time?
Will the old man be okay now?
You go and be the host and a volunteer and leave.
In case the old man has someone to like, investigate two cases
How many losses have you incurred? Mr.
Hundreds of millions of students have already been exposed to currency
How old is this old man’s room?
I mean, I'm already undergoing treatment now.
What do you mean?
Grandpa is also used to love doctors
I only believe in love doctors
I'm afraid that after he changes doctors
The body posture method makes it more interesting.
Are you saying that I ruined my own in-laws at home?
I didn't say that
It's not the doctor you mentioned just now who can't take the initiative to love you.
Was this really arranged by you?